hello my name is Scott Bayliss I'm the
product consultant for the scraper
systems with John Deere today we're
gonna review the new final tier for
tractors and D series scrapers and show
you how you can save up 2/3 of the
initial investment half the labor and up
to 50 cents less per cubic yard compared
to traditional earth moving systems all
while delivering the performance and
uptime that you've come to expect from
John Deere let's take a look the new
final tier for tractors bring the
largest lineup the genders ever offered
in a scraper special series tractor
we're going to offer you our customers
seven models of tractors specifically
built for the commercial earthmoving
market four-wheel models and three
two-track models will round out the
lineup ranging from 470 all the way up
to 620 horsepower in the nine 620 are a
John Deere we pride ourselves in
listening and responding to what our
customers needs are that's why we're
introducing a whole new line of ejector
series including the 24 12 de behind me
this scraper has an increased capacity
of up to 14% over its prior model we're
also increasing it capacity in all of
our ejector lines ranging from 16 cubic
yards all the way up to 24 cubic yard
we're also introducing a whole new line
of D Series carry-all scrapers as well
ranging from 15 cubic yard with a
10-foot cut width all the way up to the
2112 DC which is 21 cubic yard with a 12
foot cut with with the John Deere
scraper system you can expect to eat
efficient dependable cost-effective
pulling power if you want to save a
third of the initial investment half the
labor and up to 50 cents per cubic yard
compared to those other earthmoving
systems go see your John Deere dealer
today and request a demo
you